---
layout: post
title: wyo-59 @ 80 mph
tags: wyo-59 energy
---

# wyo-59 @ 80 mph

Highway 59 

### camera stuff

_or, a taxonomy of technical issues_

- windshield glare
- focus issues
	- dirty windshield
	- list tk
- motion blur
	- shutter speed vs highway speed
	- highway foreground angle
	- accidental photographs putting the camera away

### what's-being-looked-at stuff

- the sky
	- bright clouds
	- dark clouds
	- shadow casters
- the road
- badlands
- pumpjacks
- frackjacks
- frack flares
- coal mines
- tall grass
- animals
	- horses
	- cattle
	- goats
- trees
- hills
- signage (funny or not)
- any infrastructure really

Roadside infrastructure, property fencing, larger-than-average shrub-foliage, telephone poles, highway markers, barbed wire, gates, dirt roads, my own rental car's pillar posts or door, raindrops - like to pop in the frame wherever they please. Or sometimes they line up in ways I wouldn't have suggested. 

Sometimes there's this illusion the picture was composed - e.g., things follow the rule of thirds, and whatever's being looked at is interesting enough. 

Other times it's pretty clear we're in a moving car, and probably moving fast. 

## Why Do This? 

There was an intersection between a rambling data science project on firearms in the US, ongoing research into land and energy that I'd started out in Standing Rock, the Total Solar Eclipse of 2017, and me realizing there are more species of birds than Rock Pigeons.

I hope that the _why_ isn't more interesting than that _what_, but I guess we'll find out.

## loose ideas

- abstractions of historic earth being scratched for energy
- heavy loader intersections (mining truck)
- ghosts in the spray truck vapors
- learning the repetitive rhythm of the trucks on site

## recollections

_August 20th, 2017_

At the campsite atop Casper Mountain, I asked Joseph's brother-in-law about programming, and he asked me about photography. My advice to him was to keep the windshield of your car clean so the autofocus wouldn't lock onto dirt or splattered bugs when you were trying to photograph a landscape while driving. Joseph smacked his palm to his forehead, a lot like you might see someone do on TV.







