# SR Nov 2016

Information spread by word of mouth - _If you've just arrived, orientation's at 9 AM at the Dome_. 

The influx of people was unexpected - be they Water Protectors, media, medics, seekers, prophets, or otherwise. The orientation was disorienting. _He had broken ribs and Medic said he had to stay off the front line. But his swagger was out of control as he raised his arm to show where he'd been hit. He wanted nothing but to be back out on the front line._ The sheer number of people in and around the dome made it pretty clear it wouldn't be orderly. _If you're around I'm teaching a capoiera class in the dome at 11._ People brought their skills and were applying them wherever remotely applicable. 

The nuts-and-bolts information I'd gotten from Sami, who was here two weeks earlier, no longer seemed applicable. _You can always help out in the kitchen_ maybe more sense now as _organize your donations well because they are overwhelmed_. The kitchen turned out, in my opinion, to be one of the most coveted jobs you could have there. _You could go to the Art tent and help make signs, but maybe they won't need that_. Thankfully, upon my first 20 minutes of arriving, I met Frank and Matteo. _We have a pickup truck, so we decided to go from kitchen to kitchen picking up the trash_. I instantly wanted to help. I didn't realize then how difficult it would be to run into someone more than once. _Just look for the red truck, The Lost Boys - or holler out **BANGARANG**_ Thank god for _bangarang_.

The chaos brought on by the influx that morning, along with the chat I'd had with the Lost Boys kicked my freelance instincts into gear. The previous night I'd walked around with Maurice - we asked a guy diligently chainsawing timber if he needed a hand - not quite. We asked a young woman at one of the kitchens, who was cleaning frantically, if she could use some help - not really. I wasn't able to find the Lost Boys - of course - but over the din of the chaos at the orientation dome Scotty piped up: _There's a huge problem with the amount of trash being generated, and people are throwing things out that could be re-used._ He went on with details about how each time the local Sioux came to empty a dumpster from any part of camp, it cost $5000. This wasn't a time to fact check, but the words stuck with me nonetheless. While the 'orientation' crowd was being shuffled between Dome and various tents, I decided to strike back to our tents, where we had a 'local' dumpster that might need attention.

